Let's talk about getting referrals for contractors and something that happens quite often someone will
say hey I worked with a great team or a or to the great freelancer which you'd like the referral all
and so that for you.
Yes you do want the referral.
The only things that you want to be careful with with regard to her finals are one.
Think about the person who's repairing them.
Do you trust that person.
Do you trust that person's idea of quality too.
Do you like the Web site that the contractor made.
So if your friend has a Web site that you've been thinking to back your head how ugly that is and you
just don't want to tell them.
Then you probably don't want to take a referral for the contractor that built it seems a little obvious
but you'd be surprised by how many people end up with contractors regardless of what they think of the
website they've seen them build.
It's weird.
But past that why do I think about referrals referrals.
They are awesome.
Why.
Well there's two big reasons.
One previously we talked about the qualification stage of picking a freelancer or a team.
What I suggested doing was taking a very small test and giving them a project has to see how they work
how you interact What's the responsiveness you can skip that entire section and you can skip the entire
section that's associated with finding them to begin with.
So that saves you a lot of time a lot of money.
You might not have the familiarity with them but they come pre-vetted you've already seen what they
can build.
You already have a recommendation from someone saying to communicate well that's all you need.
And to the freelancer or the team they're going to be a lot more inclined to work harder for you.
The reason why it's just basic psychology.
If I work for a client and that client thinks so well of me that your first me to a second client and
I take on that second client I now have two clients and I know that they communicate.
So if I do a poor job with the second client that could affect my relationship with the first client
it ups the stakes for the contractor.
So and I've seen this time and time again when I get referrals and that person who is referring them
is an active client or they're likely to bring back a project to that contractor.
I see a significant increase in the effort shown by the contractor.
I've seen them go beyond what I expect out of a usual fix price project or a per hour project so if
you have the option of referrals It's fantastic.
Very quick thing you could easily do if you are stuck and you don't know who to pick if you're Elance
submission or Yoda's submission or whatever it is a very quick way of doing this.
Ask your friends.
That's Super-Duper simple you'd be surprised how many people have outsourced poor or contracted out.
You can get a referral from somebody.
I mean you can even private message me and I'll give you referrals.
Ahmadis you not going to refer you to my company I will give you referrals from people we have worked
with so share pass it a lot around saves everybody a lot of time and it almost always has a better outcome.